Q) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A) Viewing the diff between two versions of a file helps notice typos in code. It makes it easier
to locate bugs in files with large amounts of text.


Q) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A) Having access to the entire history of a file makes it easier to rollback to previous changes when you run into a dead end.
You can also go over the changes made by others and compare them with previous version.


Q) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A) The pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is you can control when to save after you have made
a logical change. Logical changes can be ig or small. The con is if you forget to save manually you can have 
huge changes from the previous version.

Q) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A) Git allows multiple files because a logical change could include mutliple files where in other VSN the logical
change can only happen in one file.


Q) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A) Git log displays all the previous commits in the project. It displays a unique ID with each commit and a message
of what change was made for the commit. Git diff compares two files using the commit id to see what lines were added
and deleted. To see the changes on a file, compare that file with the previous file.


Q) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A) Version controls makes it easier to revert to a previous version. This gives confidence to break something knowing
you can always revert back to when the logic was introduced. 


Q) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A) I would like to use git to work on my Mom's website for her restuarant. I can see using git will give me more
room to explore while I make changes to her website.